to a young woman who's raised serious
questions about the cockpit behavior of
one of the pilots from the Malaysian
Airlines jet missing with 239 people on
board live now to Elise Eliot with this
current affair exclusive Elise trace
tonight a staggering insight into
actually what can go wrong in a
Malaysian Airlines international flight
our investigation reveals astounding
breaches of security how on earth did
two team travelers not only get invited
inside the cockpit but stay there for
the duration of the flight from takeoff
to would you believe landing tonight's
photos and stories paint a disturbing
picture of one of the copilot's aboard
missing Malaysia Airlines flight 370
throughout the whole flight they were
talking to us they're actually smoking
throughout the flight which I don't
think that I'd be doing and they were
taking photos with us in the cockpit
while while they were flying I was just
completely shocked I can't believe it
these are the photos that will shock the
airline industry and terrify passengers
as the mystery surrounding missing
Malaysia Airlines flight 370 intensifies
pictures that reveal an unbelievable
insight into lack security on board I
know for the whole time they weren't
like facing the front of the plane
actually flying holiday snaps that show
on this particular Malaysia Airlines
flight how two young attractive girls
were invited into the cockpit for an
entire international flight we're there
for takeoff yes yes even though the
pilots were responsible for possibly
hundreds of passengers it's claimed
their focus was on entertaining their
teenage guests possibly a little bit
sleazy they invited us or not invited us
they asked us to if we couldn't arrange
our trip to stay in Kuala Lumpur for a
few nights that they could take us out
more chilling is the fact this copilot
for reeked of Hamid is the very same
pilot aboard the missing Malaysia
Airlines flight well then when I
realized that it was the exact same
copilot and not only that but that I had
met him and that I've been in the
cockpit with him and that I have photos
with him that was quite shocking I was
just my best friend and I just wanted to
get away so he booked about a two-week
trip to Thailand we were just implicit
the whole time just the holiday jaunty
Louise and her girlfriend Jean Marie
were having the time of their lives in
Thailand and how would you describe the
trip
amazing oh the most fun I've ever had to
be I don't think we've got to bed one
morning before 5:00 it was just it was
really really good
for the pair the real fun started at
Phuket Airport when they were plucked
from the boarding queue by the Malaysia
Airlines pilots we were standing in line
at the boarding gate just with everybody
else and the pilots and co-pilots walked
past us and came back and asked us if we
would like to sit with them in the
cockpit during the flight so obviously
we said yes why obviously it's an
exciting thing it's something that not
everybody gets to do I think anyone
would have jumped at the opportunity
there is no indication the girls were
given authority by Malaysia Airlines
when a current affair contacted the
airline in Malaysia we were told by a
spokesperson under no circumstances are
passengers permitted in the cockpit and
certainly not during takeoff and landing
despite this one seated on the plane and
before takeoff and as George came to
fetch the girls from their seats did the
Air Stewart's seem at all surprised
you're invited at the front into the
cockpit and actually think that yes do
it helped us to fold out the jump seat
so she knew that we were going to be
sitting in there and she didn't seem
like it was anything unusual did the
pilot in familiar with having people in
the cockpit
it didn't seem unusual to them I think
they might have before invited people
into the cockpit with him it's an
astounding breach of security that two
young holidaymakers were allowed in the
cockpit of a pre-flight and takeoff as
these photos show we were sitting on a
pretty uncomfortable
seat behind the pilot and throughout the
whole flight they were talking to us
there they're actually smoking
throughout the flight which I don't
think they ought to be doing at one
stage they were pretty much turned
around in their seats talking to us and
they were so engaged in conversation
that he took my friend's hand and he was
looking at her palm and said Oh your
hands very creased that means you're a
very creative person and he commented on
your nail-polish and stuff like that
Jonty who is travelling in Australia for
a year
emailed a Current Affair with this
startling insight into questionable
practice aboard this flight why have you
decided to come forward and speak about
this it seems like everybody's
completely in the dark and nobody has
any information so I thought the tiny
bit that I have I just want to share and
maybe it can help with something and I'm
not I'm really not saying that I think
that the copilot was in the wrong in
this slide
or it could have been absolutely
anything but this is just a little bit
of information that I have co-pilot
Fariq Abdul Hameed is one of 239 people
on board flight 370 when it disappeared
on route to Beijing from kale on
Saturday he's 27 years old his position
first officer with Malaysia Airlines he
joined in 2007 he's racked up 2763
flying hours despite the fact smoking is
banned for passengers the rules did not
apply to the men in the cockpit I knew
by being a cop no I didn't my friend and
I said to each other in Afrikaans that
like I wish they'd stop smoking because
it's a really small confined space and
neither of us smoked so it was a bit
annoying but I can't exactly tell the
pilot to stop smoking look at these
photos it looks like something that
maybe should be happening in a bar not
in a cockpit did you feel safe I did
feel safe I don't think there was one
instance where I felt threatened or I
felt that they didn't know what they
were doing the whole time I felt that
they were they were very friendly but I
felt that they were very competent in
what they were doing so Jonsey this is
free cab Hammad's Facebook page he had
sent you a message had me after your
flight together yeah I just left our
flight he just sent me a friendly
message saying have a safe flight back
home that's a really have a safe flight
back home with a little smiling so that
was December 14 2011 how do you feel
knowing that the pilot who invited you
into the cockpit is the very same pilot
who was flying the plane when it
disappeared I was crazy immediately I
wanted to find the friend that I was
traveling with and tell her about the
story and I was just completely shocked
I couldn't believe it when I saw all his
friends and his family posting on his
wall obviously my heart really broke for
them and my heart broke for all the
families and of the passengers it's just
it's a really sad story and four days on
there is still no sign of any wreckage
and no clear indication of why flight
mh370 disappeared